>> Scott Moss: A few things we need to
clean up is, one, what we'll have to do
is, we'll have to like I say consolidate
our function so what we'll do next is,
I'm not going to delete anything because
I'm going to leave that up to you.
I'm just going to make
another function here.
And I'm going to call this one God,
API's already taken.
It's such a good name.
[LAUGH] I don't want to rename it
because then it gets confusing.
You know what?
I'm just gonna reuse this API1.
So I'm gonna reuse this API1.
And then, for its HTTP event,
I'm just gonna put
>> Scott Moss: Any,
which basically means any verb, so get,
post, put, delete, whatever, to this path.
So any verb to this path,
that's the short hand method.
So I wanna do that.
Also want to be able to proxy to any
>> Scott Moss: Thing you might put here,
and then I'll put this plus,
which basically means,
I've gotta wrap this in the string.
This is saying,
any verb to root/ whatever this is,
it can be anything,
that's what this is saying.
So it doesn't matter
what's coming after here.
It can be as many slashes,
just redirect all that.
I'll put this in a string because
the reason a combination of this syntax,
like a verb and a template thing here.
So you gotta wrap it in a string.
>> Scott Moss: I think that's just
a YAML thing.
So this is just saying, this api function
is not going to respond to anything coming
in here and anything coming in here.
So I can just kinda comment these out.
>> Scott Moss: And let's test this.
So I go to api,
looks like it's sending back hello, so
let me stop that.
>> Scott Moss: And I'm gonna do yarn
dev.
>> Scott Moss: Serverless.yml,
I think I gotta check out to
the new branch, actually.
git co lesson-3, yeah,
check out to the new branch.
>> Scott Moss: Let me copy this stuff.
Copy the goods.
>> Scott Moss: Let me
check it out.
>> Scott Moss: Right
here.
>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so
now that we've got that.
Yeah, this one was down here.
>> Scott Moss: Cool,
so now we're gonna run dev and
hopefully that doesn't break.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
All right, so you can see right now
we've got routes for API, ANY / and
then param everything.
So let's test this out.
If I go to http :4500 /
hey/there.
>> Scott Moss: Looks like it's working.
I definitely didn't make that route.
So looks like it's going there.
>> Scott Moss: Perfect.
So our proxying is working fine.
So it looks like we're
forwarding everything.
And just to double check, let's issue
a different method like post here.
See if that works.
Yep, that works, too.
What about, PUT
>> Scott Moss: Any questions on that?
How to set that up.
Again most of the stuff
is in the service docs,
all this is a service.
>> Scott Moss: Pretty simple, right?
The next thing we're gonna do
is we need to find a way to
do some routing in here.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
you could just look at the event object,
right?
And just look at the path parameters, and
you can set up your own state
machine that you use for a router.
I mean, it's pretty simple.
You could just have keys
in here that are like
this/route.
>> Scott Moss: And
then run this method
which is the controller.
So, there's a couple things you can
do here but that's kind of garbage.
[LAUGH] So, you probably wanna
use like a regular router.
Or I'm sorry, you wanna use a router
that's already got some features built
into it like express.
So that's what we wanna do.
So there's a couple of
packages we wanna use.
And you could look in the packets.json.
There's one.
Obviously there's express.
And then there's this serverless HTTP.
So those are the two packages we're gonna
be using to create our express server.
So first thing first is what
we'll do Is we'll just say
express equals require express.
And who here has used express?
Okay, so if you haven't used express
it's so easy like you won't,
you don't need to learn it, just watch
what I'm doing and ask questions.
And then we'll have this server,
I'm just gonna call it HTTP.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so now we got that,
and what we can do now is,
we can make an express app.
So let's just say, app = express
>> Scott Moss: And
then we'll make some routes,
app.get/ just this route.
And we'll just register a handler here,
so request response.
And we'll just do a response.json that
says
>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
we'll do that.
>> Scott Moss: But
this isn't going to work because http kind
of like, http creates this handler for us.
So cuz right now it's like okay cool.
I got this route but
like what do I do with this stuff, right?
So what you're gonna do is you're
gonna take this out of the handler.
You're gonna get rid of all of this.
And instead,
there's gonna make your app appear in this
closure.
>> Scott Moss: And
then now, all you're gonna export
is HTTP wrapping your app.
And then that's it.
Now, you have an express app On service.
A service express app.
So if you have express like this is
literally the easiest transition to
Alanda.
It's pretty ridiculous.
So let's test this.
Maybe I didn't do it right.
But let's see.
>> Scott Moss: Cool, so
it looks like it's still starting.
I registered a route for route.
So let's check that out.
It was a git request.
So, 4500, git, message okay.
Looks like it's good.
Let's test out these other ones,
like a PUT, boom can't do that,
because I didn't register
that with express.
So, server has proxied it correctly.
But then Express was like,
no, can't do that, so
it didn't really work out,
so pretty simple.
So now, at this point, you're really just
doing everything that Express can do,
without having to start
a server on some port, right,
cuz you're just a service function.
And it's stateless, so this is only gonna
happen per request, so it's pretty cool.
Any questions on this?
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So as an Express programmer,
basically you have,
when I think about this code
running on a standalone server,
there's an instance
of Express listening at all times.
>> Scott Moss: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: How does that reconcile,
maybe it's just my brain that's
not working through this.
How does that reconcile with idea
of Alanda which does its job and
then shuts down?
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, okay, so
there's two parts to the express route,
right?
You have the routing and the controllers
in the middleware, that's the framework.
And then you have the networking side
of it, which is actually the server.
Just think of Express without the server.
That whole part that's always
on that's list thing, it's gone.
Because in Express, when you do
something like what is it, app.
Listen?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, but you didn't do that
cuz you have that in HTTP.
>> Scott Moss: Right,
that's what's doing it.
>> Speaker 2: That makes better
sense.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott Moss: Because express built in
actually uses the native
HTTP method in node.
So when you it call listen,
it's actually just starting,
it's doing http.createserver,
whereas this, it's kinda proxying that.
It's poly-filling, it's satisfying
whatever Express needs, but
it's not actually functional.
It's really actually providing functional.
I mean,
this is just returning a function, right?
So we could look at this.
Let's just look at it so
maybe that'll make more sense.
So, man, this keyboard is so sticky.
Let's do this.
So that's the handler,
>> Scott Moss: Right,
so this is just gonna return
the function and in fact we'll do this.
>> Scott Moss: My god
>> Scott Moss: Actually,
let me clean this up, it's bothering me.
There you go.
Okay, so yeah,
this is gonna return a function and
we can see what this function is.
>> Scott Moss: We'll just execute that,
go back here.
It's just gonna say function.
Let me do, I can do that, I don't know
why I thought that was gonna do something
different.
>> Scott Moss: There we go.
Cool.